oh I think there's a definite chance
between playoffs but you know right now
we've had such a bad split that our main
goal right now just be like make
playoffs and then after that we can
worry about the other stuff
well it's week eight of the NA LCS I'm
joined right now by hon sir from TSM
talk a little bit how things are going
with him
of course coverage presented by Omni /
so hon sir it's been a weird split for
TSM which I'm sure is basically how all
of your interviews start these days
which I'm sure is just exactly what you
love to hear but I got asked you know
how are things going behind the scenes
how you guys doing how's everything
headed into playoffs I think we're doing
really well right now especially in
practice team team moods gone up and
ones come in he's he's been helping out
with the team atmosphere our team
mentality going to the games and stuff
and so I feel like we're on the upswing
I know now what yeah what do you expect
cuz you got a tough road ahead of you in
the next couple games right you're
playing some of the better teams if you
remember don't know who were playing
next week I know we're playing hundreds
these yes wow they look pretty good
right now probably up there with Team
Liquid for two of the best teams that
are in the NLCS are you worried at all
facing off against some of the top teams
I'm not worried all I think as long as
you stick to our plan then a lot of
everything
see this is interesting because I've
always wondered kiss you it's you ever
since you got to TSM you've been a very
confident guy you know you're bold
you'll stay out there like I got we got
this and and it's interesting to see you
staying so confident right now with the
team struggling but you still believe in
this lineup
yeah I still think this lineup is the
best in na right now and the troubles
we've had in the past are just issues
that we could never solve until we're
never like worked on until recently okay
what are those issues you think some of
the issues would be like Jeff Paul
understanding of drafts others would be
like individual issues like for myself I
do
play it on the gentleman that well will
behead Mike and then what John came in
that was something I really need to work
on but I've improved on it tremendously
over the past few weeks so we're just
like shoring up like all these little
issues with the team yeah what what do
you think is the the future for TSM like
is there a chance you guys still win
playoffs oh I think there's a definite
chance between playoffs but you know
right now we've had such a bad split
that our main goal right now is just be
like make playoffs and then after that
we can worry about the other stuff okay
very good
what what is Waldens effect been on the
team since he's come in well Bolden's
only been here for a few days now so not
like a big effect but I feel like he
gives good feedback on now we're playing
in game and what I mentality is like if
some person like tilts off the earth and
he's like so you did this here's what
you should do next time to make sure
like you don't tell your teammates and I
just overall helps and like the general
mood of the team because he's like kind
of an energetic person he trusts me a
lot of people he forces us to smile and
it won't be small like when we're doing
the four smell everyone else is like
laughing each other because it's a
really cringey
like a morale builder kind of he calls a
bow feedback I'm like that's a nice word
yeah it's funny in that he has a lot of
like there's a lot of like corny things
that he makes you do and yet somehow I'm
sure it sounds like at least from the
teams that I talk to you that they
somehow work anyway you're like oh I
don't know if this is a thing but it's
not it's not sulking and being angry at
each other so at least that's like a
step in the right direction yeah for
sure it's much better than what we
usually do yeah he's like no no just
stand on your ear head balanced there
and drink this water and this will get
like the the rejuvenation of your body
working and you're like well I'm not
angry I'm just confused at this point
yeah and and it's like he also brings us
together and like all right guys this
morning we're gonna be waking up at 6
a.m. and doing a 30 minutes of yoga and
like nah dude no I love this man and
then everyone's up while I was doing
these I want like bonds together because
like damn one we hate you yeah we hate
you right now and well yeah we all hate
you we're all together on this that's so
welding is the enemy that brings the
team together you know it's like uniting
all the divided folks that's great I'm
sure that's how he would love to have
this characterized and we'll definitely
use this in his his work to promote his
his stuff what what else is there to
talk about you just played CLG they now
no longer have Tony for the first time
in all these different years what what
do you think of the team after having
played them they're still struggling
even after benching Tony so I mean
they've been on a losing streak for last
few weeks they thought benching tell me
would make a change but they didn't make
a change and also found out that the
record against us like they haven't
beaten us since spring finals of 2016 so
just really unlucky that they had to
play us today yeah do you think that do
you think they will plot any more wins
throughout the rest of split or are they
just on the downward spiral I'm not sure
it seems like they're on a really big
downward spiral yeah not much to say I
don't know if they can come back we
haven't screamed them recently as well
so I don't know how the performance the
screams are actually like before and I
don't see any boss screaming okay yep
we're not talking about screams it
sounds like you're gonna say actually
before they looked okay in scrims oh I
mean I can say they performed pretty
well and they had some pretty good
strategies yeah but it's like a really
gimmicky okay yeah okay so cheese strats
were coming out in scrims yeah all right
trying to think if there is anything
else I mean it's it's hard to talk to
you guys a little bit right now because
it's just sort of like well is this
gonna work is it not and we've only got
like three games left so I'm like I
don't know you probably are thinking the
same thing like is this gonna work her
is it not but it sounds like you you
think it will yeah I think yeah I think
we can definitely make it there it's
like um
it reminds me of spring split 2016 where
we were just really bad
you know we had yellow star doublelift
and some icing around the team and we're
just really bad that split but we still
like made it in the end just because we
practiced really hard yeah I think we
can do it again this done so anything
you want to say to any of the fans out
there thanks for supporting us and I
know we haven't given the best results
but times are changing and hopefully we
can perform it playoffs thank you so
much concert for the interview for evan
also you can check out their supplying
coverage of all things these ports right
here on my youtube channel look that
interviews done how many / supported it
that's really cool appreciate those guys
a lot but you know what I would
appreciate there's a twitch link in the
description just which link in the
description it's my twitch channel try
to grow that you might have already
subscribed to my youtube channel but go
hit that link and then follow me there
by the way I take your Amazon Prime's
too if your interest in that but go
follow me on Twitch so that you can
check out some of the new live coverage
and cool stuff that I'm trying to do
over there as well and again thanks so
much to all me / I was really really
nice to them